[plugin-mobile-app] Add network conditions emulation for iOS and Android #2057 (#2108)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-mobile-app.adoc

include::partial$generic-ui-steps.adoc[]

=== Change network condition

Turn ON/OFF network condition.

[source,gherkin]
----
When I turn $toggle `$mode` network connection
----

> * `$toggle` - modes of the toggle - ON or OFF
> * `$mode` - The name of the action to be performed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `$toggle` - The modes of the toggle: `ON` or `OFF`.
* `$mode` - The name of the network connect to toggle.
```

----

include::partial$generic-ui-steps.adoc[]

=== Change network condition

Turn ON/OFF network condition.

> TIP: For IOS devices: to return to the application  you must use a step:
> When I activate application with bundle identifier `$bundleId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: For IOS devices: to return to the application you must use the step:
[source,gherkin]
----
When I activate application with bundle identifier `$bundleId`.
----
```

Reviewer: move this section after step parameters definition

[source,gherkin]
----

> When I turn '$toggle' '$mode' network connection

Reviewer: Could you please accurately follow the proposed syntax: https://github.com/vividus-framework/vividus/pull/2108#discussion_r741774557 ?

----

> * `$toggle` - The name of the action to be performed

Reviewer: list the available actions

|Description

|`WIFI`
|Android, IOS
|Enable Wi-Fi connection state only.

|`DATA`
|Android, IOS
|Enable data connection state only.

|`AIRPLANE`
|Android
|Enable Airplane Mode state only.

|`ALL`
|Android
|Enable data and WiFi state.

|===

[source,gherkin]
----

> When I $mode $state

Reviewer: I propose the following syntax:
```suggestion
When I turn $toggle `$state` network connection
```
where
- $toggle - `ON` or `OFF`

|Turn ON/OFF Mobile Data and WiFi state.

|===

> .Turn OFF WIFI for Android

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Turn OFF Wi-Fi for Android
```

[source,gherkin]
----
When I turn OFF `WIFI` network connection
----

> .Turn OFF WIFI for iOS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Turn OFF Wi-Fi for iOS
```

----

include::partial$generic-ui-steps.adoc[]

=== Change network condition

Turn ON/OFF network condition.

[source,gherkin]
----

> When I turn $toggle '$mode' network connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When I turn $toggle `$mode` network connection
```

include::partial$generic-ui-steps.adoc[]

include::partial$proxy-steps.adoc[]

> === Change network condition
> 
> Turn ON/OFF network condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Change network connection

Turn ON/OFF network connection.
```

[source,gherkin]
----
When I turn $toggle `$mode` network connection
----
* `$toggle` - The modes of the toggle: `ON` or `OFF`.
* `$mode` - The name of the network connect to toggle.

[cols="2,2,2", options="header"]
|===

|Mode

> |Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Supported platform
```
?

|Description

|`WIFI`

> |Android, iOS and emulators

Reviewer: not clear what `emulators` statement means here

> |Turn ON/OFF Wi-Fi connection state only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Turn ON/OFF Wi-Fi connection.
```

|`MOBILE_DATA`

> |Android, iOS and emulators

Reviewer: not clear what `emulators` statement means here

> |Turn ON/OFF Mobile Data connection state only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Turn ON/OFF Mobile Data connection.
```

|`AIRPLANE`

> |Android and emulators

Reviewer: not clear what `emulators` statement means here

> |Turn ON/OFF Airplane Mode only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Turn ON/OFF Airplane Mode.
```

|`WIFI_AND_MOBILE_DATA`

> |Android and emulators

Reviewer: not clear what `emulators` statement means here

> |Turn ON/OFF Mobile Data and Wi-Fi state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Turn ON/OFF Mobile Data and Wi-Fi connections.
```

|===

> TIP: For IOS devices: to return to the application you must use the step:

Reviewer: is it for iOS devices only? are iOS simulators in scope?

Author: only for devices. Wi-Fi, mobile data, airplane mode aren't presented in simulators settings
